RULE VII
STUDENT AFFAIRS AND SERVICES
Article 1. Office of Student Affairs and Services.
The student services unit of Cavite State University shall be known as the Office
of Student Affairs and Services (OSAS). It shall provide relevant programs for studentcentered activities and mandated services in support of academic instruction intended
to facilitate well-rounded student development.
Article 2. Vision, Mission and Objectives
Section 1. Vision
The OSAS shall be a resource of high quality student welfare and
development programs, efficient services and relevant opportunities geared
towards the development of morally upright and globally competitive
professionals.
Section 2. Mission
The OSAS shall provide an atmosphere where students’ talents,
interests, and values are developed to the fullest, and shall deliver efficient
student services which can contribute to the achievement of academic
excellence and high professional competency which can be recognized
internationally.
Section 3. Objectives
3.1. regularly implement comprehensive guidance programs with a full
range of activities such as assessment, information, consultation,
counselling, referral, placement, follow-up and follow-through;
3.2. implement effective information and orientation strategies in
promoting awareness on student rights and obligations
3.3. provide financial assistance to the needy and deserving students
through scholarship grants, service and job experience programs,
student loans and mutual aid funds, giving priority to those
belonging to the vulnerable and marginalized sector
3.4. provide leadership trainings to enhance leadership effectiveness of
students both at personal and organizational levels
3.5. strictly implement institutional rules and regulations governing
student behaviour and conduct to be able to produce morally
upright professionals
3.6. provide avenues to hone students’ talents and interest to ensure
social and cultural growth;
3.7. implement relevant sports development programs to provide
opportunities for athletic competition, physical fitness and wellbeing of students
2
3.8. develop skills and potentials of student writers
3.9. promote student involvement in community development
programs
3.10. provide an environment conducive to free expression of one’s
religious orientation in accordance with institutional principles
Article 3. Organizational Structure of OSAS
The OSAS shall be headed by a dean who shall be under the direct supervision
of the Vice-President for Academic Affairs. The OSAS shall have four service units, the
Student Welfare Services (SWS) Unit, the Student Development Services (SDS) Unit,
the Institutional Student Programs and Services (ISPS) Unit and the Research,
Monitoring and Evaluation of Student Services (RMESS) Unit. Each unit shall be
headed by an over-all coordinator who shall report directly to the OSAS dean.
Article 4. Student Services and Programs.
The OSAS shall deliver three basic academic support services to students:
student welfare services, student development services and those that relate to
institutional programs and services. In addition, there shall be a separate support
service for research, monitoring and evaluation of student services. These services
shall be delivered by the following units:
Section 1. The Student Welfare Services Unit
The Student Welfare Services Unit shall deliver student services and
programs needed to ensure and promote the well-being of students. This shall
include information and orientation services, guidance and counselling services,
career and job placement services, and student economic enterprise
development services.
Section 2. The Student Development Services Unit
The Student Development Services Unit shall provide services and
programs designed for the exploration, enhancement and development of the
students’ full potential for personal development, leadership and social
responsibility through various institutional student activities. The student
development services include student organization and activities, student
government, student discipline, and student publication. 


Contact information for OSAS

Contact number (046) 414-3979
Jerome
Email tanza.osas@cvsu.edu.ph


Job Hiring Sample Script 

We are HIRING!
 Business/Marketing Management Instructor
 Information Technology Instructor
 Registered Guidance Counselor
Interested applicants may send their application letter and resume to hr.tanza@cvsu.edu.ph.

Announcement Sample Script
Heads up! Tanza knights!
Here is the link to your schedule for the second semester of A.Y. 2022–2023.
https://cvsutanzamis.link/AY2022-2023_2ndSem_Schedule
Note: Schedules are tentative as of March 5, 2023 (11 am)
 
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT
Starting May 16, 2023 (Tuesday), no student will be allowed to enter the Campus premises without a temporary ID. Please get your ID at the Central Student Government Office. If it is not available yet, fill out the request form through the link below until May 14, 2023.
For strict compliance. Thank you!
Reminder: Please do not send multiple requests.

Admission Procedure Sample Script
ADMISSION PROCEDURE (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY)
1ST SEMESTER AY. 2023-2024
Application Period: January 17, 2023 – April 20, 2023
Online Application Link - https://apps.cvsu.edu.ph/admission/
REMINDER: Only applicants who are scheduled on the particular date will be accommodated. NO WALK-INS FOR SUBMISSION.   
 
Job Fair 2023
Home2023April19Job Fair 2023

Calling all the graduating students and graduates!
Here is your opportunity to Find Your Dream Career!
The Office of Student Affairs and Services is inviting you to a Job Fair activity on May 18, 2023, from 8:00am to 5:00pm, at CvSU International Convention Center (ICON).
Participants must be registered through this link:
https://forms.gle/eRtkn71MdAUiZids6
Come in business/corporate attire and bring copies of curriculum vitae/resumes.
Get the Job, be hired!
For more details, you may reach your College Placement Coordinator.
 
Admission Result Sample Script

CONGRATULATIONS
, THE LONG WAIT IS OVER! HERE IS THE LIST OF THE QUALIFIED APPLICANTS FOR THE UPCOMING 1ST SEMESTER FOR THE ACADEMIC YEAR 2023-2024 (FIRST BATCH).
Note: Medical Referral Form will be sent to qualified applicants thru email.
Link for slot confirmation: 
https://apps.cvsu.edu.ph/admission/
Link for the downloadable requirements:
https://drive.google.com/.../1HemiUnElVHvE0I9isMEkQdTSqvi...
  


CAMPUS SEAL
 
CAMPUS SEAL

Talk is a product of the vasowary.a Regressive minds of students, facute emaleglees and admistration of the campus. The cilia" sea of the CVSU Tanca Campus shall be as follows

TANZA

2007

The shape of the seal is similar to the shape of the University seal, a square with 1/3 of one its angles cut to form a base. This reminds us that the campus is committed to the University in pursuit of its vision, mission, goals and objectives..

The three (3) triangular border lines of the seal represent the trilogy function of the campus: INSTRUCTION,

RESEARCH and EXTENSION. The words TANZA 2007 are written in deep purple, a dominant color of a Tanzanite which is an anniversary stone for Tanzanians.

The big letter N of Tanza reminds us of the noble purpose of establishing the campus. The torch behind it represents the educational programs and undertakings with a flame designed as CVSU which is the adopted acronym of Cavite State University. The three (3) horizontal base lines of the big letter N signify the commitment of the campus to the tenets of the University- TRUTH, SERVICE and EXCELLENCE.

The year 2007 was the year CVSU- Tanza Campus have its humble beginnings.
======

Bahay Katuparan, Bagtas, Tanza, Philippines

(046) 414 3979

cvsutanza@cvsu.edu.ph
Mandate
Section 2 of Republic Act No. 8468 “An Act Converting the Don Severino Agricultural College in the Municipality of Indang, Province of Cavite into a State University, to be Known as the Cavite State University” states that,

“The University shall primarily provide advance instruction and professional training in agriculture, science and technology, education and other related fields, undertake research and extension services, and provide progressive leadership in these areas.”

Vision
The premier university in historic Cavite globally recognized for excellence in character development, academics, research, innovation and sustainable community engagement.

Mithiin ng Pamantasan
“Ang nangungunang pamantasan sa makasaysayang Kabite na kinikilala sa kahusayan sa paghubog ng mga indibidwal na may pandaigdigang kakayahan at kagandahang asal.”

Mission
Cavite State University shall provide excellent, equitable and relevant educational opportunities in the arts, sciences and technology through quality instruction and responsive research and development activities. It shall produce professional, skilled and morally upright individuals for global competitiveness.

Hangarin ng Pamantasan
“Ang Cavite State university ay makapagbigay ng mahusay, pantay at makabuluhang edukasyon sa sining, agham at teknolohiya sa pamamagitan ng may kalidad na pagtuturo at tumutugon sa pangangailangang pananaliksik at mga gawaing pangkaunlaran. Makalikha ito ng mga indibidwal ng dalubhasa, may kasaysayan at kagandahan-asal sa pandaigdigang kakayahan.”

Core Values
Truth
Excellence
Service
Quality Policy
We Commit to the highest standards of education, value our stakeholders, Strive for continual improvement of our products and services, and Uphold the University’s tenets of Truth, Excellence, and Service to produce globally competitive and morally upright individuals.
News Sample Script from Oracle

UNIVERSITY GAMES 2023 UPDATE | Opening Parade at Cavite State University - Main Campus.
Yesterday signified the start of an exciting athletic event with the University Game's much awaited opening parade.
Each participating university proudly displayed its colors and symbols, showcasing the diversity and spirit of the event. The competitors, decked out in their team uniforms, waved to the embracing supporters and covered the parade route with a sense of pride and tenacity.
The opening parade of the University Game set the stage for an unforgettable competition, fostering camaraderie and healthy competition among the participating universities. 
Please access the raw and unedited photos here; https://drive.google.com/.../1OM1ebON5wiLZhq9pGQbrqMbMsmC...
-----
Writer: Lorraine Victoria Encarnacion 
Layout: Justine P. Tuballas
 
CvSU, Bagtas LGU signs MOA granting land portion for Tanza Campus
The Local Government Unit (LGU) of Barangay Bagtas, Tanza, Cavite has donated a 300sqm vacant lot near the location of CvSU – Tanza Campus for the construction of additional school building and other facilities. The said donation was formalized by a Memorandum of Agreement between CvSU and Bagtas LGU signed on 29 March 2022. The current land area of the school is only 1000sqm square meters for 1,155 college students as of AY 2020-2021.
The Agreement is pursuant to the Republic Act No. 10931 known as the “Universal Access to Quality Tertiary Education Act” supporting the equal access of Filipinos to quality tertiary education through free school and tuition fees in all state-run universities, colleges, and technical-vocational institutions. Moreover, the Sangguniang Barangay of Bagtas passed Resolution No. 24 series of 2021 to provide assistance in delivering quality tertiary education to the youth of Tanza, Cavite.
The MOA was signed by the University President Dr. Hernando D. Robles and Bagtas Barangay Chairman Manuel Clemente T. Mintu. Witnesses are the Vice President for Academic Affairs Dr. Ma. Agnes P. Nuestro; Tanza Campus Administrator Prof. Gil D. Ramos; Sangguniang Barangay Chairperson Ryan Mintu; and Sangguniang Barangay Member Jenina T. Paminter.
Also present in the MOA signing were barangay officials of Bagtas, International and Local Collaboration and Linkages Director Mariel Mojica-Lising, and some faculty members and staff of Tanza Campus. (CMGRafols)
 
VP for Academic Affairs Ma. Agnes P. Nuestro, CvSU-Tanza Administrator Prof. Gil D. Ramos, President Hernando D. Robles, and Brgy. Bagtas Chair Manuel Clemente T. Mintu.
Campus Officials
Dr. Tita C. Lopez

Campus Administrator, CvSU Tanza Campus
Key Officials
Designations
Name
Campus Secretary	Prof. Charmaine T. Banag
Chairperson, Department of Arts and Sciences	Prof. Mildred A. Sebastian
Teacher Education Department
Chairperson, Teacher Education Department	Prof. Mildred A. Sebastian
Department Secretary	Ms. Ma. Woodelyn P. Reyes
Department Research Head	Ms. Jhollie Ann Lopez
Department Extension Head	Mr. Efren Peñaflorida Jr.
Department Field Study Head	Ms. Estelita A. Villa
Professional Review Coordinator (BSE/BEE)	Ms. Sheena M. Banate
Professional Review Coordinator (BSP)	Ms. Micah Sanchez
Department GAD Coordinator	Mr. Erwin Regio
Department of Information and Technology
Chairperson, Department of Information and Technology	Prof. Joyce Erika S. Senaris
Department Secretary	Ms. Angel A. Duales
Department Research Head	Mr. Muhaimin Macapundag
Department Extension Head	Prof. Charmaine T. Banag
Department OJT Coordinator	Mr. Audrey Gerard Advincula
Department GAD Coordinator	Mr. Ryan Culvera
Department of Management
Chairperson, Department of Management	Prof. Ritch M. Banate
Department Secretary	Ms. Kristina D. Son
Department Research Head	Prof. Melona I. Saquin
Department Department Extension Head	Prof. Debbie Rose B. Fabian
Department MIS Officer	Mr. Jan Edizon De Silva
Department GAD Coordinator	Ms. Jessica Avon Quezada
Research Services Head	Prof. Mildred A. Sebastian
Extension Services Head/Business Affairs and Resource Generation Head	Ms. Estelita A. Villa
Quality Assurance and Accreditation Coordinator	Prof. Joyce Erika S. Senaris
Human Resource Development Coordinator	Ms. Eizel Mae L. Angeles
Gender and Development Coordinator	Mr. Roman P. Jacinto III
Campus Publication In-charge	Ms. Rein Ortigosa
Campus Registrar/Liaison Officer	Ms. Noemi A. Perida
Office of Student Affairs and Services Head	Prof. Melona I. Saquin
Institutional Students Program Services/ Admission and Testing/Scholarship Coordinator	Ms. Fatima S. Diaz
Student Development Services Facilitator/ Socio-Cultural Development Coordinator	Ms. Gerry Mae T. Silvero
OJT/ Job Placement Coordinator	Prof. Melona I. Saquin
Student Welfare Services Facilitator	Ms. Eizel Mae L. Angeles
Sports Development Coordinator	Mr. Joseph O. Sabaybay
Alumni Affairs Coordinator	Ms. Sharmaine M. Banate
Research, Monitoring, and Evaluation of Students Programs Services Facilitator	Prof. Mildred A. Sebastian
NSTP Coordinator	Ms. Mary Joy Angelique Mojica
MIS/Records Officer	Mr. Jeffrey Delgado
Public Affairs and Communications Officer	Mr. Audrey Gerard Advincula
Finance Management Office Head	Prof. Debbie Rose B. Fabian
Property Custodian/Physical Plant and Security	Ms. Mary Rose Elamparo
Canvasser	Mr. Joseph O. Sabaybay
Pollution Control/ DRRM Coordinator	Ms. Eizel Mae L. Angeles
Liaison Officer	Mr. Frederick Ebilane
Instructional Materials Development Unit	Prof. Ritch M. Banate









CvSUOrgs
  
The Central Student Government - Tanza Campus is the highest governing body of the Cavite State University - Tanza Campus. Being student-led, nationalist, democrative and autonomous, the CSG - Tanza Campus remains committed to promote the total and well-rounded development of every Kabushenyos ng Tanza. With its primary principle to protect and prioritize students' interests, rights, and welfare, such is a vanguard of the mechanism that wholeheartedly involved and spearheaded activities that ensures students' co-curricular and holistic development, as well as explore the Kabsuhenyos' potential in responding to institutional realities. The CSG - TC holds the yearning mission to always be in service, and instill school spirit and camaraderie! Always in Service for the Kabsuhenyos ng Tanza, CSG - TC.
 
President: Johnthel R. Jalbuena
Vice President: Ciara Mae D. Deuna
Secretary: Hyram Adrienne M. Salinas
Treasurer: Luis Anselmo P. Lasam
Business Manager: Camille Grace F. Pura
Senator For Sports & Recreational Management: Lowie Bobster G. Regulacion
Senator For Environmental Management: Ralph Lorence Delos Reyes
Public Relation Officer: Justine P. Tuballas
Senator For Consultative & Support: Brian Joshua D. Embanecido
Senator For Consultative & Support: Rhaven Gerald P. Estrella

 
Have Courage.
Have Courage. Is a non-academic organization committed to nurturing mental health awareness and well-being. We embarked on this inspiring journey in the academic year 2023-2024, driven by a shared passion for promoting mental health and creating a more compassionate world.
President: Rhaven Gerald P. Estrella 
Vice President: Lea Ando 
Secretary: Nica Andrea Ranoco 
Treasurer: Marvie Ann Pantinople 
PRO: Naline Alfaro Mentorship 
Coordinator: Karlyn Mirando 
Outreach Coordinator: Simon Tutanes 
Programs and Events Director: Lorraine Victoria Encarnacion

 
CoPE President: Crestel Cylah A. Estur 
Vice-President: Fidel Jr A. Severino 
Secretary: Mina C. Mekitpekit 
Treasurer: Simon James A. Tutanes 
Auditor: Aira A. Logdat 
P.R.O.: James Robert L. Balascopo 
Business Manager: Wendell S. Abril
CIRCLE OF POTENTIAL EDUCATOR <COPE> The Circle of Potential Educators (CoPE) is an Academic Organization established in 2012 under the Teacher Education Department of Cavite State University - Tanza Campus, which consists of different Teacher Education Programs such as Bachelor of Elementary Education (BEEd) and Bachelor Secondary Education majors in English and Mathematics (BSE-E and BSE-M). The organization's mission is to help its members improve academic performance and boost self-confidence in promoting intellectual and social well-being through the motivation and encouragement of co-members of the organization. CoPE also bears the tagline "making a difference" since it was established in 2012. Apart from this, CoPE is considered the highest student organization under the Teacher Education Department of CvSU-Tanza Campus and comprises three (3) different Umbrella Organizations: Alliance of Bachelor of Elementary Education Students (ABEES), Anglicist Guild, and Radicals.
 
ASSOCIATION OF COMPASSIONATE WORK ATHLETES <ACWA> The Association of Compassionate Work Athletes (ACWA) is a non-academic organization that promotes, encourages, and maintains a high standard of amateur sportsmanship in all sports and lends moral support to all movements for better sportsmanship in the field of sports. This organization shall embody improving their knowledge and skills about the sport they chose and provide excellent and quality service for the kabsuhenyo community.

Acwa List Of Officers Pres: Horario, Cymon B. V-Pres: Singcay, Jonvic Sec: Pabalan, Zipporah Uzziel Treasurer: Ferrer, Samantha Pio: Balauro, Melvin Buss Man: Cudiamat, Axle Miguel

 
THEATRO TANZA OF PHENOMENAL STUDENTS
ACADEMIC YEAR 2023-2024
TALENTADOS TANZA OF PHENOMENAL STUDENTS (TTOPS)
We are Talentados Tanza of Phenomenal Students, composed of different bonafide students of Cavite State University - Tanza Campus that enables students to acquire and practice diverse abilities in various arts. We are here to help students showcase their incredible and unique talents, and skills to their fullest potential. Theatre serves as a reminder that we are with the artists, but we are also sharing space and experience with our audience to improve ourselves. 

Here to shed light, now opening the curtains, because WE are ready for some action!

THEATRO TANZA OF PHENOMENAL STUDENTS
ACADEMIC YEAR 2023-2024”









 
ALLIANCE OF THE BACHELOR OF ELEMENTARY EDUCATION <ABEES>

In the Academic year 2020, the Alliance of Bachelor of Elementary Education Students was formed. The term "alliance" refers to a bond of connection that exists between families, groups, or individuals. Which represents various years of elected officials. ABEES formally organized various events and activities on the Cavite State University - Tanza Campus that serve a certain vision or purpose and accomplish a mission or goal. With the support of consistent and responsible officials who are willing to serve, lead, and teach the children, we can continue to expand until the 2023-2024 school year.
Alliance of Bachelor of Elementary Education Students

President: Pearl Anne B. Alcantara
Vice President: Jenny Rose C. Argete
Secretary: Keith Juliana D. Montolo
Treasurer: Cindy A. Ursabia
Auditor: Brian Joshua D. Embanecido
Business Manager: Julius C. Enolva
Public Relation Officer: Myra Jean G. Bustamante
Documentation Councilor: Justine P. Tuballas
Event Councilor: Aaron A. Munda

 
ANGLICIST GUILD / (ˈæŋɡlɪsɪst ) / noun. rare an expert in or student of English literature or language. /ɡild/ noun. an organization of persons with related interests, goals, etc., especially one formed for mutual aid or protection. The Anglicist Guild is an academic organization at Cavite State University - Tanza Campus dedicated to empowering and developing pre-service teachers of Bachelor of Secondary majors in English. Anglicist Guild places significant emphasis on promoting quality education and professional development of future educators by virtue of advocacies and projects intended for students, pre-service teachers, the youth community, and their involvement in the field of teaching.

PRESIDENT: Julie Claire C. Andres VICE PRESIDENT: Ma. Lynette D. Cueto SECRETARY: Khaybie Santos OFFICER FOR FINANCE AND BUDGET: Domenick D. Biso OFFICER FOR BUSINESS MANAGEMENT: Joanna Mae T. Gazar OFFICER FOR PUBLIC INFORMATION AND DOCUMENTATION: Aaliyah Nhicole G. Limbaga OFFICER FOR INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL AFFAIRS: Cyrus Kyle M. Quilban OFFICER FOR STUDENT AND ACADEMIC AFFAIRS: Karlyn Ann D. Mirando
 
ALTRUISTIC PSYCH CONFEDERATE <APCON> The Altruistic Psych Confederate is an academic organization that shall disseminate awareness about mental health and help avoid the stigma about psychology. The students under this organization shall encourage others to help the people in need. It also envisions improving the mental health in our community and promulgating mental health awareness not only in the psychological fields but also in other professions.
President: Ma. Althea Batilo
Vice President: Kevin Lucilo
Secretary: Kayley Ayon
Treasurer: Janen Mae Calizo
Auditor: Mary Rose Arca
Sgt. At Arms: Jessica Viel Pastorfide
Public Information Officer: Regie Anne Arabia

 
BRIGHT AND YOUNG TECHNOLOGY ENTHUSIASTS SOCIETY <BYTES> BYTES is an academic, non-stock, and non-profit organization. Its mission is to lead the students to become productive and upright individuals and professionals. It shall help nurture their information technology skills and discovery of innovative technologies. The organization shall initiate in solving real world problems through technology utilization and innovations. No part of its income shall insure to the benefit of, or be distributed as dividends to, its members, trustees, or officers. Any profit that the organization may obtain as an incident to its operation shall, whenever necessary or proper, be used for the furtherance of the purposes for which it has been organized.
Pres. Suyen Carillo
Vice pres. Adam Purungganan
Secretary: Shiela Mae Tibag
Treasurer: Joezen Mark Villar
Auditor: Kc Evans Panganiban
PIO: Kenneth Aguila
Business Manager: Regina Carla Sumagaysay


 
FAME SOCIETY <FAMES> FAME SOCIETY is more than just an academic organization; it's a dynamic, non-stock, non-profit student organization, dedicated to shaping the leaders of tomorrow. Our mission is clear: we're here to create boundless opportunities for students like you to interact, learn, and lead. This is the place where your passions and interests converge with those of your peers, while you gain invaluable leadership and organizational skills that will set you apart.
President: Irish Joy Brigoli
Vice President: Aila Jemimah Saguid
Secretary: Lancel Enriquez
Assistant Secreatary: Mikaela Rose Deo
Treasurer: Alejandro Sansano
Auditor: Strawberry Burata
Business Manager: Alexa Nicole Ebol
Public Information Officer: Ivan Charles Yelo
Class Representative 1-1: Jamie De Veyra
Class Representative 2-1: Christian Reyllo
Class Representative 2-2: Joeliza May Garbo
Class Representative 2-3: Jaeca Mia Estosos
Class Representative 3-1: Leslie Mae Suarez
Class Representative 3-2: Danica Angeles
Class Representative 3-3: Jenny Rose Tibag
Class Representative 4-1: Winona Villaralyo
Class Representative 4-2: Kimberly Andaya


 
ORACLE PUBLICATION Introducing "The Oracle," the campus publication of Cavite State University - Tanza Campus! At The Oracle, we are dedicated to producing insightful, factual, and thought-provoking articles that resonate with the concerns and interests of our fellow Kabsuhenyos, striving to be the voice of our vibrant community. We are on the lookout for aspiring writers and editors who share our passion for storytelling and a commitment to making a positive impact. The publication aspires to shape the narrative and shed light on the issues that matter most to our campus and beyond. As your voice matters we are to continuously create change to foster a sense of unity within our university.
Editor in Chief: Lorraine Victoria Encarnacion
Writers: Charity Mae Ortiz
Liahona Hazellette Catalonia
Rhe-Lee Cabuhat
Felipe Estopado
Photo Journalist: 
Queen Yvong Pacatang
Theresa Santos
Jenevieve Patchicoy
Sofia Mikhaela Sedol
Regie Anne Arabia
Pubmat: Vincent Oczon
Layout Editor: Justine Tuballas

 
RADICALS The Radicals is an organization of Bachelor of Secondary Education majors in Mathematics. Radicals is an officially registered academic group based at Cavite State University - Tanza Campus (CvSU-TC). Radicals is a non-profit, non-stock, organization. No part of its revenue shall be guaranteed or given as dividends to its members, trustees, or officials. Any profit made by the organization from its operations must be utilized to advance the reasons for which it was founded. Through inspiration and support from fellow members of the organization, Radicals will assist members in improving academic achievement and boosting self-confidence in encouraging intellectual and social well-being. It will also shape and train future mentors to teach numeracy skills to adolescents in school and out of school. The radicals want to achieve a high degree of competence, which will prepare education students to compete with other students and share skills in the field of teaching as a noble vocation.
President:
Jean Carla T. Vista
Vice President:
Andrea H. Borilla
Secretary:
Leira Cristine L. Banaag
Treasurer:
John Laurence B. Basco
Auditor:
Daisy Mae R. Mendoza
Business Manager:
Barbie Chin V. Tomolin
Public Information Officer:
Angelo D. Mercado
Class Representative 1-1: Noeylyn mae J. Masiddo
Class Representative 2-1: Vincent John Z. Gonzales
Class Representative 3-1: John Kenneth P. Ilagan
Class Representative 4-1: Marvin A. Tawatao


 
TORCH INTERFAITH CLUB <TIC> Torch Interfaith Club is a non-academic organization. It shall serve as an instrument in bringing the students and the faculty closer to God. It shall also be a beacon of light and inspiration that encourages individuals to maximize their potential given by the Almighty. It aims for unity for everyone with different religions and respects each other beliefs.
President:
Sheena Alexis M. Cudiamat
Vice President:
Reamie O. Tumang
Secretary:
Jhascile P. Montano
Treasurer:
Rhea E. Montalban
Auditor:
Carlo S. Calix
Business Manager:
Jane Clarisse C. Alconera
Public Information Officer:
Domenick D. Biso


 
TOURISM AND HOSPITALITY EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT SOCIETY <T.H.E.M.E.S> T.H.E.M.E.S focuses on helping students showcase and enhance their knowledge and skills related to the tourism and hospitality industry. This is crucial, as practical skills are highly valued in this sector. Confidence is key in the service-oriented tourism and hospitality industry. T.H.E.M.E.S aims to boost the self-esteem of students, which can be particularly important when dealing with customers and clients. The organization provides opportunities for students to excel in their respective talents and interests within the industry. Offering educational resources is vital in keeping students updated with industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies. Training programs tailored to the challenges and opportunities in tourism and hospitality help students gain practical experience like workshops, seminars, or hands-on training in various aspects of the industry. Encouraging members to push beyond their limits, can foster a culture of ambition and innovation within the organization. Overall, THEMES appears to be a well-rounded organization that not only supports students in acquiring theoretical knowledge but also equips them with the practical skills and confidence needed to thrive in the competitive tourism and hospitality industry. Such initiatives are essential for preparing the next generation of professionals for success in this dynamic field.
A.Y. 2023-2024
President:  Ms. Anghela Araza
Vice President: Ms. Connie Belle Gonzales
Secretary: Ms. Mazylene Micosa
Treasurer: Ms. Naetan Melodie Recierdo
Auditor: Ms. Vanessa Ligad
Public Relations Officer: Ms. Camille F. Pura
Business Manager: Ms. Maycie Angel Rocas
Class Representative BSHM 4-1: Mr. James Allen Del Mundo
Class Representative BSHM 4-2: Ms. Ericka Manarpaac
Class Representative BSTM 4-1: Ms. Jelyn Tiagan
Class Representative BSTM 4-2: Ms. Cyrille Jaybe Esrtrellado
























